UI: Align auth method ttl with tune value (#26663)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/26663.txt

```release-note:improvement

> ui: Fetch auth mount config values from `sys/internal/ui/mounts` endpoint for system default ttl value

Reviewer: I might update this changelog to what it does for the user. eg. 
```suggestion
ui: Show computed values from `sys/internal/ui/mounts` endpoint for auth mount configuration view
```

Author: Great idea!
